Who is Jiang Yining?
Miserable miserable
The chairperson has always been a hairball company
It must be Jiang Yining's planning case
What disclosure?
Chairperson Xu is Jiang Yining
Just started yesterday
Is there something wrong with his plan?
Are you an educational name?
Yes, Dong Xu
What are your instructions?
The plan is well written
And cute-looking.
Do you want to learn more from me?
Yining still doesn't thank Director Xu
Thank you Mr. Xu
You are about the same age as my daughter.
Where is your hometown, my mother?
So you're in the planning department?
Look what happened to me looking for you for a long time
Jiajia Mom, today I am in 4S.
The shop has taken a fancy to the latest Porsche sports car
I want to start taking you for rides
Can you accompany me to buy?
Okay, pick up the car now
Speaking of which, Yining looks a lot like Dong Xu
Even more similar than Qujiang
Like what's the use
Not a real daughter
The daughter of the Xu family was accidentally lost when she was a child
Mr. Xu searched for ten years before finding it in an orphanage
He lost ten years
What do you rely on to recognize relatives?
I heard he seems to have a birthmark on his body
It's a birthmark.
Xu Jiao is so nice
A mother who loves him so much